[Excel PowerPoint] (ribbon) new OverriddenByRibbonApi element and it's use (#2465)
OfficeDev/office-js-docs-pr: docs/design/contextual-tabs.md

```xml
<OfficeApp ...>
  ...
  <VersionOverrides ...>
    ...
    <Hosts>
      <Host ...>
        ...
        <DesktopFormFactor>
          <ExtensionPoint ...>
            <CustomTab ...>              
              ...
              <Group ...>
                ...
                <Control ... id="MyButton">
                  <OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>
                  ...
                  <Action ...>
...
</OfficeApp>
```

For more examples, see [OverriddenByRibbonApi](../reference/manifest/overriddenbyribbonapi.md).

When a parent tab, group, or menu is marked with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`, then it isn't visible, and all of it's child markup is ignored, when custom contextual tabs aren't supported. So, it doesn't matter if any of those child elements have the `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>` element or what its value is. The implication of this is that if a menu item, or control, or group must be visible in all contexts, then not only should it not be marked with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`, but *its ancestor menu, group, and tab must also not be marked this way*.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > Don't mark *all* of the child elements of a tab, group, or menu with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`. This is pointless if the parent element is marked with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>` for reasons given above. Moreover, if you leave out the `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>` on the parent (or set it to `false`), then the parent will appear regardless of whether custom contextual tabs are supported, but it will be empty when they are supported. So, if all the child elements shouldn't appear when custom contextual tabs are supported, mark the parent, and only the parent, with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`.

Reviewer: Potential option to avoid "above": 
```suggestion
> Don't mark *all* of the child elements of a tab, group, or menu with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`. This is pointless if the parent element is marked with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>` for reasons given in the preceding paragraph. Moreover, if you leave out the `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>` on the parent (or set it to `false`), then the parent will appear regardless of whether custom contextual tabs are supported, but it will be empty when they are supported. So, if all the child elements shouldn't appear when custom contextual tabs are supported, mark the parent, and only the parent, with `<OverriddenByRibbonApi>true</OverriddenByRibbonApi>`.
```
